    Display current weather information: Create a set of fake 
    weather data objects representing the current weather.
    Each object should contain information such as temperature, 
    weather condition, humidity, wind speed, and an icon
    representing the weather condition. Display this data in a 
    user-friendly way.

    Support multiple locations: Allow users to select from a 
    predefined list of locations. When a location is chosen,
     display the corresponding fake weather data for that location.

    Five-day forecast: Create a set of fake weather data objects 
    representing the five-day forecast for each location.
     Display the forecasted data, including date, weather condition,
      temperature range, and an icon representing the
      weather condition for each day.

    Unit conversion: Provide an option for users to toggle between 
    different units of measurement, such as Celsius and
    Fahrenheit, for displaying temperatures. Implement the conversion
     logic in your code.
nam
    Styling and User Experience: Design the app with a clean and
     user-friendly interface. Ensure that the weather
    information is visually appealing, easily readable, and properly 
    organized. Use CSS or a UI library
    (such as Material-UI) to enhance the app's appearance.

    Error handling: Implement proper error handling for cases like 
    invalid location selections. Display
    error messages to users when necessary.

To simulate the weather data for testing, you can use the following 
example format for the fake data:

javascript

const fakeWeatherData = [
  {
    location: "New York",
    temperature: 25,
    condition: "Sunny",
    humidity: 60,
    windSpeed: 10,
    icon: "sun",
  },
  {
    location: "London",
    temperature: 18,
    condition: "Cloudy",
    humidity: 75,
    windSpeed: 15,
    icon: "cloud",
  },
  // Add more fake data objects for other locations
];

Use the above fakeWeatherData array to display the weather
 information for each location.

By simulating the weather data and not relying on external 
dependencies, you can focus solely
on implementing the app's functionality and showcasing your
 React skills. Remember to design a clear structure,
create reusable components, and deliver a visually appealing 
and user-friendly interface. Good luck with your coding interview!